well howdy there in enough people it's
bug on so today we're going to talk
about a wall and Trump in Trump's
patterns when things don't go his way
how he handles things what his MO is and
what that can tell us about what he's
planning what he intends to do in the
future
now that the political machines inside
the White House have de started to
discredit and smear dr. Falchi so if you
don't know a group of private citizens
got together and they raised money to
build a wall down on the border on the
Rio Grande this area is hard to build
that it is a difficult area to build it
unsurprisingly reports are now coming in
that this wall but they built is let's
just say less than stable and at at some
point in the relatively near future
sections of it may just fall into the
river okay
these are Trump supporters these are his
his base these are people who gave up
their time money and land to help
fulfill his dream of having a vanity
wall down on the border their little
project apparently didn't work
what would a smart man do in that
situation what a real leader do well
what would a good politician do maybe
say something like you know these are
real Americans here these are Americans
that saw a problem and moved to fix it
because they knew Congress wasn't going
to appropriate the funds and they were
gonna fix it on their own they didn't
fail at building a wall they learned a
new way not to build one
what did he actually do tweet it out
about health this only happened to make
me look bad I'm not joking
his own base in his mind his own
supporters got together raised money
gave up their own land built a wall to
make him look bad that's his MO it's
what he does when he gets bad news he
finds some way to distance himself from
it to reject reality and substitute his
own with the wall it's funny it's
entertaining because it's classic Trump
with pouchy it's a little different it's
actually worrisome what it's about she
done this entire talk because he's been
incredibly consistent about one thing he
has stated that his opinion is whatever
the best evidence and information at the
time says that's been his public opinion
it has always lined up with the best
research and best everything that was
available that's his position the White
House is attempting to paint this as oh
well he changed his mind about this and
he was less than right about this yeah
he changed his mind when new information
became available when that's what you're
supposed to do I mean I know that seems
odd in the Trump White House but that's
actually how you're supposed to make
decisions they're pointing to the fact
that he didn't think it was going to be
a big deal in the beginning he had
neither did I go back and watch his
first video on it I'm assuming that dr.
Falchi knows the same thing I do and
knows that we have plans to deal with
this sort of stuff and I imagine that he
kind of assumed that the White House
would I don't know use them
that didn't happen so his position had
to change the worrisome part about this
is that once he is done distancing
himself from the only adult in the room
from the only person with any expertise
he's telling us now that once he's done
with that he's going to politicize this
even further science will not be a
factor in how he deals with this
attempts to deal with this it's gonna be
completely politicized he's going to try
to brand his way through it and blame
everybody else meanwhile things are
gonna get worse things are going to get
worse I imagine that the president has
looked to Europe and seeing how those
economies are rebounding and here we're
still kind of in the middle of this I'm
in Florida at least I hope we're in the
middle of this I hope this is the peak
but we've got a governor who seems to
believe a lot of the same things that
Trump believes just reality is whatever
you pretend it is with those economies
rebounding and the u.s. running flat it
won't be long before his base starts to
question it because this whole time the
reason they were willing to make these
sacrifices was to save the economy
because they apparently did not
understand that the longer this drags on
and the longer sells are down and
activity is down the worse the economy
is going to get because he told them
something else when he gets called on on
that make no mistake he will find some
economic adviser to distance himself
from and this whole thing will start all
over
it's what Trump does he accepts
responsibility for in
nothing he will take credit for things
that he had nothing to do with and his
decisions well they're not his fault
they'll always be somebody else's fault
because he's not a leader
he never was and we are going into a
time where we really need some
leadership because now we're at the
point where Trump's antics they're gonna
start impacting the rest of the world
their system of government didn't put
this guy in office there's no reason for
them to suffer as it drags on here and
our economy gets drugged down with it we
will drag down other nations economies
we become the danger because we're not
dealing with it while most of the world
is we become the source of the issue
that's why it's funny that this wall
thing happened because maybe Canada and
Mexico should put one up when it comes
to stuff like this our obligation to
humanity does not end at the border
doesn't matter what their system of
governance is it doesn't matter what
their economy is what color they are
what flag they have or what color their
passport is we're all in this together
this thing it does not care about any of
that and right now we're just a petri
dish
because we're not acting because we're
letting the president distance himself
from the only person the American people
trust from the only person in the
administration that has any clue what
they're talking about
we really need to remember this and we
need to understand that we have to act
ourselves there is not going to be any
guidance coming from DC or if you're in
Florida the state capital you know what
you have to do stay at home as much as
you can wash your hands don't touch your
face if you have to go out and
absolutely have to go out wear a mask
otherwise we got another year this easy
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day